Make Generic attribute 'optional' field changeable (#8878)
opsmill/infrahub: changelog/+generic-optional-update.added.md

> Allow changing attribute optionality (mandatory/optional) on generic schema nodes. Changes correctly propagate to all inheriting child node types. Includes validation that prevents making an attribute optional when it is still referenced in human-friendly identifier (hfid) or uniqueness constraints. The reverse direction (optional to mandatory) validates that all existing instances have non-null values across all child node types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow changing attribute optionality (mandatory/optional) on generic schemas. Changes correctly propagate to all inheriting schemas. Includes validation that prevents making an attribute optional when it is still referenced in human-friendly identifier (hfid) or uniqueness constraints. The reverse direction (optional to mandatory) validates that all existing instances have non-null values across all child node types.
```
I think "node" was being used in two different ways
